In this lecture we will learn how we can animate HDMI elements in 3D using CCS.
The main difference between 2D and 3D animation is that 3D animation includes the Z-axis.
In addition to the x and y axes we will start out with the code that we wrote in The Last Lecture and
we use it for the examples we will look at in this lecture.
We can use the rotate function or rotate or devourer on the x axis creating a 3D rotation effect.
We will specify that our started an extra rotation of 0 degrees and end at an extra rotation of 360
degrees then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our square is now rotating
around the x axis and looks like it is flipping over vertically.
Let's go back to the editor rotating the div around the y axis will also create a 3-D rotation effect.
We will specify that our div started a y rotation of 0 degrees and ended a y rotation of 360 degrees.
Then we will go to the web browser and wrote our code as you can see our square is now rotating around
the y axis and looks like it is spinning horizontally.
Let's go back to the editor.
We can also control the back phase visibility of our HVM element by using the back face visibility property
if we specify a black face visibility of hidden the back of the element will not be visible when the
object is rotated 180 degrees away from the camera to see the effect of this change.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code noticed that when the square spacing opposite the camera
it is not shown.
Let's jump back to the editor assigning this property a value of visible will make the back of the element
visible when it isn't facing the front of our Web page.
Let's go to the web browser and read our code as you can see the back of the element is visible when
the object rotates away from the camera.
Note that a black face visibility visible is the default value for this property in the next lecture.
We will look at a recap of what we have learned in this section.